# GrowferGrain
GrowferGrain is an online ecommerce platform which provide opportunity to local grocery shops vendor to expand their business and sales online and their near by location. Customer no need to go out for various small items, they can order any grocery through their nearby shop from our platform. In this it help both local vendors and customers.

Problem of local/small vendor->We all known that how many small local vendors suffer due to less sales,material stock management,etc which effect their business.And specially when current situation like pandemic occur then it's almost very difficult for small vendors to manage.And also some local vendors suffer loses due to their lack of knownlwege,wrong decision,lack of basic things like price margin ratio,proper presentation of item,customer dealing,all this make local vendors suffer from loss.

Solution to vendor by our GrowferGrain->Our platform GrowferGrain helps and make it easy for the grocery local vendors to manage their business.Our platform provide them an oportunity to sell things online and also their nearby customers. It also help local vendors to mannage their stock of material and when less stock is their it will alert them.Our platform also educate the way of doing business and how to increase sales to local vendors so they can take more useful and effective decisions.Also they can view and analyse what customer actually want and analyse their price base on the market(by comparing his price with others).In this way it help local vendors.

Problem of customers->Customers buy their home grocery on the regular basis and we all known how tedious and time taking task is to buy grocery from shop,sometimes stocks are also not their in shops or maybe shop closed or maybe customer don't have time to buy grocery due to which customer face problem and lots of time waste occur due to this.Also sometimes customer not get the quality what they actually want.

Solution to customers by our GrowferGrain->Why to worry when GrowferGrain is here.GrowferGrain provide the customer services by which they can buy grocery which they want from the their nearst local vendors shops.Even customer can known the status of shop.Even they can compare the prices of various vendors shops.Customer just need to select and order the item.And while talking about the delivery ,as we all known they are able to buy from their nearest shop so delivery is naturally going to be fast.In this way our platform help the solve the problem of customer and lead them to live an easy,managable and happy life.

In this way the facility,services which our platform GrowferGrain provide solve the problem of both customer and vendors.

